It's all Scott's fault.
He blew through the family money.
And when you wouldn't help him, he said you and Catherine up.
But when your grandma made the two of you get married,
his plan fell apart.
Even now, Eric is still going after Catherine for money.
Everything Scott did left Catherine feeling guilty.
That's why she put up with you for so long.
Why else when she put up with all the things you've done
and even give you all her shares and money that she totally deserves?
She's awake.
You speak now?
That's amazing.
He's my brother.
You're best friend.
You're carrying a baby.
You need to rest now.
You need to rest more.
A baby?
Is it a heart baby?
Are we married?
The patient suffered a severe head injury
which caused temporary amnesia.
The fact that she spoke suddenly
which suggests that her language systems have always been attacked.
Her inability to speak is most likely caused by psychological factors.
Oh, don't worry about that.
She told me before the surgery.
How are you feeling now?
Who is he?
Eric.
You're ex.
You've known him for some time.
Eric?
You really don't remember me.
Don't press her too much.
She needs to rest.
I'll be right back.
How could you be so selfish?
How dare you speak to me like that?
Once the last time, we're happy.
And I'm not talking about pretending to be happy.
Actually happy.
You know what?
She's better off without you.
Shut.
It costs a scene.
We're in a hospital.
All right?
None of this will help Catherine.
I want to go home with William.
Cheers to Catney on your life.
I'm so happy for you too.
What was I like before?
You've been through a lot.
It's better for you to just live in the present.
Catherine, just remember.
I'm your husband.
And we're in love.
OMG.
I just had the best idea.
You two haven't taken your wedding photos yet.
You should go do that right now.
That's an excellent idea.
Okay.
What about this one?
Something that's got changed.
Do you really not remember?
Yes.
I remember you.
You're Eric.
What are you doing here?
Come home with me.
Why are you doing this with William?
William is my husband.
And I love him.
No.
It's not.
You're confused.
Okay?
Come home with me and we'll sort all this out.
And Catherine can't live without you.
Let go of her now.
You need to leave her alone.
All right.
She's not happy with you anymore.
What do you know about us?
Huh?
What do you know about her happy?
What I do know is that she's miserable with you.
Every day is a pain for her and I can't watch it any longer.
You have to let her live.
You don't know yet, but we're expecting.
What?
Expecting already?
That's ridiculous.
What do you think we're doing in the gynecology office?
Catherine, is this true?
I'll catch you later, Eric.
It was a pleasure.
Eric?
You hear that Leo?
Catherine, William, we're expecting.
Do you remember Eric now?
It's okay.
He's in the past for a reason.
You can leave him there.
Surprise.
I woke the cruise ship for you too.
My friends with the kids tell me all the time that once the baby comes vacations become a luxury.
That's so sweet.
Thanks, Andrew.
You're so welcome.
And before you set sail, we're gonna have a baby shower.
And don't worry.
I already took care of all the invitations.
I just found out that William was on the brink of bankruptcy.
But suddenly received a large lump sum investment.
It came from Catherine.
She sold off all her shares in us.
She was willing to do all of that from...
Ms. Catherine is indeed pregnant.
Sir, Missy had just us back.
Eric, we'd like to extend an invitation to our baby shower.
We'd love for you to join us, mother.
You're doing this to me.
Please come.
Well, that is if you have time.
I really like my childhood best friend to be there.
What did you say?
The invitation has been delivered.
Okay.
We'll see ourselves out.
My little angel is six weeks old now.
What do you think it is?
A boy or a girl?
I think she's a girl.
There are lingering effects from the concussion.
Our previous assessment may have been overly optimistic.
The patient may experience complete amnesia later on.
What can we do, Doug?
Currently, the only effective method is to repeatedly remind her of any memories she may have lost.
Write everything.
Take her to an old spot.
Maybe watch a familiar movie.
See if you can hit any triggers.
Good morning.
It's time to get up.
We have an appointment today.
Wait.
Who are you?
I'm a William.
I'm your husband.
We were expecting a child together.
Also, the doctor is expecting us this morning, so...
I'm sorry, baby.
Mommy keeps forgetting about you.
What are you doing here?
This is my home.
You remember me now.
You're Eric, my ex, and my childhood best friend.
And what about William?
Who is William?
He's your husband.
It's okay.
Come in.
He's what your favorite cartoon when you're a kid.
Catherine.
He's scared.
Come, let's go.
I'll take you home.
Okay?
He's William.
I'll probably go with him.
Are you trying to convince me to give up?
She's made her choice already, William.
This is her home.
She said it herself.
I mean, I...
I was willing to let her go.
Let her be with you, but...
You're right.
William, I caused her so much pain.
But I guess...
her heart's still mine, even if her brain's not.
No, it's much just...
I hate to admit it.
You're right.
She'll wake up tomorrow and totally forget about me.
She remembers you.
Maybe not my name, but...
she knows who you are.
I'm begging you, William.
Please let her stay with me.
I'll give you whatever you want.
Keep in your company.
All of it.
Take it.
William, Catherine's the most important thing in my life.
It took me nearly losing her to see that.
Forget it.
I don't want the company.
She should be with you.
She took me a favorite.
Mm-hmm.
Take care of her.
Take care of that baby.
Take...
No, what today is...
What's today?
Today is the day that...
We can be with...